Your rural earthen tables are just different.
I had a great time eating this bbq today.
Eat and serve. Come. Eat and serve.
Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. eat
Get on. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve.
Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve.
Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve.
Eat and serve. Eat and serve.
Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve.
Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve.
Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. Eat and serve. eat
I am Li Kunfen 2.0 now